Change default loadable_variables (and indexes) to match xarray's behaviour (#477)
zarr-developers/VirtualiZarr: docs/usage.md

(Notice we did not have to explicitly indicate the file format, as {py:func}`open_virtual_dataset <virtualizarr.open_virtual_dataset>` will attempt to automatically infer it.)

> Printing this "virtual dataset" shows that although it is an instance of `xarray.Dataset`, unlike a typical xarray dataset, instead of some numpy or dask arrays, instead it wraps {py:class}`ManifestArray <virtualizarr.manifests.ManifestArray>` objects.

Author: ```suggestion
Printing this "virtual dataset" shows that although it is an instance of `xarray.Dataset`, unlike a typical xarray dataset, in addition to a few in-memory numpy arrays, it also wraps {py:class}`ManifestArray <virtualizarr.manifests.ManifestArray>` objects.
```

## Loading variables

> Whilst the values of virtual variables (i.e. those backed by `ManifestArray` objects) cannot be loaded into memory, you do have the option of opening specific variables from the file as loadable lazy numpy/dask arrays, just like `xr.open_dataset` normally returns.

Author: ```suggestion
Whilst the values of virtual variables (i.e. those backed by `ManifestArray` objects) cannot be loaded into memory, you do have the option of opening specific variables from the file as loadable lazy numpy arrays, just like `xr.open_dataset` normally returns.
```

The default value of `loadable_variables` is `None`, which effectively specifies all the "dimension coordinates" in the file, i.e. all one-dimensional coordinate variables whose name is the same as the name of their dimensions. Xarray indexes will also be automatically created for these variables. Together these defaults mean that your virtual dataset will be opened with the same indexes as it would have been if it had been opened with just `xarray.open_dataset()`.

```{note}
In general, it is recommended to load all of your low-dimensional variables.

Whilst this does mean the original data will be duplicated in your new virtual zarr store, by loading your coordinates into memory they can be inlined in the reference file for fast reads from the virtual store.

However, you should not do this for higher-dimensional variables, as then you might use a lot of storage duplicating them, defeating the point of the virtual zarr approach. Also, anything duplicated could become out of sync with the referenced origial files, especially if not using a transactional storage engine like `Icechunk`.
```

### CF-encoded time variables

> To decode time variables according to the CF conventions, you need ensure `time` is one of the `loadable_variables` and the `decode_times` argument of `open_virtual_dataset` is set to `True` (`decode_times` defaults to None).

Author: ```suggestion
To decode time variables according to the CF conventions, you must ensure `time` is one of the `loadable_variables` and the `decode_times` argument of `open_virtual_dataset` is set to `True` (`decode_times` defaults to None).
```

```

```{note}

> If you have any virtual coordinate variables, you will likely need to specify the keyword arguments ``coords='minimal'`` and ``compat='override'`` to ``xarray.concat()``, because the default behaviour of xarray will attempt to load coordinates in order to check their compatibility with one another. In future this [default will be changed](https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues/8778), such that passing these two arguments explicitly will become unnecessary.

Author: ```suggestion
If you have any virtual coordinate variables, you will likely need to specify the keyword arguments `coords='minimal'` and `compat='override'` to `xarray.concat()`, because the default behaviour of xarray will attempt to load coordinates in order to check their compatibility with one another. In future this [default will be changed](https://github.com/pydata/xarray/issues/8778), such that passing these two arguments explicitly will become unnecessary.
```
